Add note regarding Choreo sign-up approval (#3918)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/tutorials/scenarios/scenario7-analytics.md

## Step 1: Set up analytics

!!! info "Before you begin..."

>     You need to be a registered user to follow the steps below. Refer, [Register for Analytics](https://apim.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/register-for-analytics/) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You need to be a registered user to follow the steps below. Refer, [Register for Analytics]({{base_path}}/observe/api-manager-analytics/configure-analytics/register-for-analytics/) for instructions.
```
